Tweak Quad Plasma Turret (#4)
TheGiraffe3/rumskib: data/weapons.txt

	category "Turrets"
	series "Turrets"
	index 01091
	cost 1196000
	thumbnail "outfit/plasma turret quad"
	"mass" 110
	"outfit space" -110

> 	"weapon capacity" -110

Reviewer: I know I'm not the best balance person, but I would like this to not be more efficient in terms of outfit space to DPS; the point is kind of to be terrible.

Author: The math says for the vanilla dual turret: 2 x plasma cannon + 10 turret mount. The turret mount space remains in ES usually unchanged over all turret versions. Makes for the quad 4 x 25 + 10 = 110. Tbh, that's pretty terrible enough. The Thorax is in this league for more boom. Also note the increased cost.

Reviewer: Well, the Thorax is for a T2 weapon, and humans aren't supposed to be that high.
I think at least bumping it up to 111 would be more interesting.
```suggestion
	"mass" 111
	"outfit space" -111
	"weapon capacity" -111
```

Author: My head lore can justify one additional space usage point.

		"hardpoint offset" 15.
		sound "plasma"
		"hit effect" "plasma explosion"
		"inaccuracy" 2
		"turret turn" 1.1
		"velocity" 12
		"lifetime" 40
		"reload" 4.5
		"firing energy" 30
		"firing heat" 180
		"hit force" 45
		"shield damage" 63
		"hull damage" 25
		"heat damage" 340

> 	description "	The Quad Plasma Turret is even more powerful than the standard Plasma Turret, but its size makes it rather impractical - it costs a pile of money and would occupy almost all of a medium warship's weapon space. As such, no sane independent captain will use it. So, how about one?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The Quad Plasma Turret is even more powerful than the standard Plasma Turret, but its size makes it rather impractical - it costs more than a flight of fighters and would occupy almost all of a medium warship's weapon space. As such, no sane independent captain will use it."
	description "	So, how about one?"
```

Author: It doesn't really cost more than a fleet of small ships. It's what, about 2 sparrows? ^^

Reviewer: Three with your cost changes.
Perhaps I should specify fighters though.
~~or perhaps bump the cost up even further~~

Author: The cost is thoroughly calculated. I have formulas for everything. ^^

Write "fighter flight" (that are 4-6 fighters).
